* Inbox
** [2020-01-17 vie] testing more
[[file:~/Dropbox/org-mode/.spacemacs::;; org-mode]]
** DONE Prepare outcomes victoria meeting
   CLOSED: [2020-01-13 Mon 11:47]

   [2020-01-10 Fri]
   [[file:~/org/journal/2020-01-10.org::*Friday, 01/10/20][Friday, 01/10/20]]

** DONE Talk with Radu
   CLOSED: [2020-01-13 Mon 11:47]

   [2020-01-10 Fri]
   [[file:~/org/journal/2020-01-10.org::*Friday, 01/10/20][Friday, 01/10/20]]

** DONE Jira leads on the project :followup:
   CLOSED: [2020-01-13 Mon 11:47]

   [2020-01-10 Fri]
   [[file:~/org/journal/2020-01-10.org::*Friday, 01/10/20][Friday, 01/10/20]]

** TODO Look at https://github.com/sprig/org-capture-extension/blob/master/README.md :emacs:learn:

   [2020-01-10 Fri]
   [[file:~/org/notes.org::*Jira leads on the project][Jira leads on the project]]

** DONE Schedule with Juri / recurrent
   CLOSED: [2020-01-10 vie 18:52]

   [2020-01-10 Fri]
   [[file:~/org/notes.org::*Look at https://github.com/sprig/org-capture-extension/blob/master/README.md][Look at https://github.com/sprig/org-capture-extension/blob/master/README.md]]

** DONE Talk with Victoria -> Refile of backlog // Also about Christian meetings

   Response:
   - Start thining of the MLC 360 topic
   - Improve observability => other team members can search
   CLOSED: [2020-01-10 vie 19:02]
   [2020-01-10 Fri]
   [[file:~/org/notes.org::*Schedule with Juri / recurrent][Schedule with Juri / recurrent]]

** TODO Schedule better Retro/Daily/ etc...

   [2020-01-10 Fri]
   [[file:~/tw/ded/listing-composer/.git][file:~/tw/ded/listing-composer/.git]]

** DONE Follow up with britta on QA :Delegated:Monica:

   [2020-01-10 vie]
   [[file:~/org/org-tutorial.org::*Crypt][Crypt]]

** TODO Schedule recurring meeting with Christian + Victoria + TL + BA

   [2020-01-10 vie]
   [[file:~/org/notes.org::*Talk with Victoria -> Refile of backlog // Also about Christian meetings][Talk with Victoria -> Refile of backlog // Also about Christian meetings]]

** DONE Ask foundation to remove Car360 Images
   CLOSED: [2020-01-13 Mon 11:47]

   [2020-01-13 Mon]

** TODO MIRO logging get for all the team :Delegated:Diego:

   [2020-01-13 Mon]

** TODO Follow Andres talk with Blanca, grads expectation

   [2020-01-13 Mon]

** TODO Prepare MLC HEalth meeting with Radu

   [2020-01-13 Mon]
   [[file:~/org/notes.org::*MIRO logging get for all the team][MIRO logging get for all the team]]

** DONE follow up, on moving documentation
   CLOSED: [2020-01-14 Tue 12:18]

   [2020-01-13 Mon]
   [[file:~/org/notes.org::*MIRO logging get for all the team][MIRO logging get for all the team]]

** TODO Follow up Thrusday about Sessions When all in BCN

   [2020-01-13 Mon]
   [[file:~/org/notes.org::*MIRO logging get for all the team][MIRO logging get for all the team]]

** DONE Monica Excel Sprinnt Review complete

   [2020-01-13 Mon]
   [[file:~/org/notes.org::*MIRO logging get for all the team][MIRO logging get for all the team]]

** DONE Remove car360 widget in MLC, Allow to delete 360 from MLC
   CLOSED: [2020-01-14 Tue 17:11]

   [2020-01-14 Tue]
   [[file:~/org/notes.org::*Jira leads on the project][Jira leads on the project]]

** DONE Schedule Refinment adhoc
   CLOSED: [2020-01-14 Tue 11:09]

   [2020-01-14 Tue]
   [[file:~/org/notes.org::*Jira leads on the project][Jira leads on the project]]
** TODO JURI Slo message
   [2020-01-16 jue]
** TODO JURI maintenance baseline
   [2020-01-16 jue]
